##  US203 - As Project Manager, I want the team to review the relational data model in view of the new user stories so it can support all the requirements to fulfil the purpose of the system being developed.

## *Analysis of the script for creation of the database*

The given report contained some ambiguity regarding the information about cargos manifests and containers, and so, after due analysis together, we created the extra classes that made sense to better fulfill the requested requirements.

The tables created were as follows:

Initially, it was decided to differentiate CargoManifestLoad and CargoManifestUnload due to the existence of different attributes.

* The attributes that we found most important that the ManifestLoad job had were its Id, the mmsi of the boat that is transporting the containers, the id of the port from which the containers were loaded and the isConcluded flag. This is only considered completed when all phases have been completed. That is, when a CargoManifestUnload has been generated for each phase of CargoManifestLoad.

  * In turn, CargoManifestUnload has its Id, the Id of the phases that generated it, the Id of the destination port (where the containers were unloaded) and the Id of the associated CargoManifestLoad.


* Each pair of CargoManifest and Container knows the position the container is in on the boat, the Id of the container, the Id of CargoManifestLoad, the Id of CargoManifestUnload and the Id of the phase in which it was unloaded.


* Phases:
A phase represents one step out of several that a CargoManifestLoad has. The set of all ordered steps represents the ship's journey.
The phases have the Id of the CargoManifestLoad to which it belongs and its own Id. It also has an origin and destination, which is the name of the respective ports. An expected departure date, expected arrival date and an actual departure and arrival date.


* Ship:
The given Table, which has rows containing Ships' data has the mmsiCode as the primary key, which uniquely identifies a certain ship.
All of the Ship's columns retain the same name and function as the Ship Object in the Java system, with vesselType being named vesselTypeId instead


* ShipLocation:
The ShipLocation table, which represents the Location of a certain ship, has ShipmmsiCode as primary and foreign key. It is a primary key since it identifies it as being related to matching Ship table and ties it to it since it is also a foreign key since it references the Ship table.
Since a ShipLocation's date is unique and should not be repeated, it is defined as a primary key. If a date were to be repeated, it would mean it was doubly (and wrongly) inserted.
The remaining columns have the same name as the ShipLocation in the Java System.


* Container:
A container, one of the main assets of the script, is uniquely identified by its numberId. So, it will be defined as the primary key.
The remaining attributes are equal to the previously defined.


* Ports:
The ports table, which stores rows of Ports, has the Port id as the primary key. The Table stores the Port name and has its coordinates (latitude and longitude) restrained as Foreign Keys and referencing a PlaceLocation.


* PlaceLocation:
The PlaceLocation has the latitude and longitude as primary keys, and the CountryName as a foreign key referencing the Country Table.


* Country:
The Country has its name as a Primary Key and the continent as the remaining Column


* Ship_Port:
This table represents the latest Port where the Ship was moored. It has a ShipMmsiCode foreign key referencing the MentionedShip and the PortsId foreign key referencing the port where the ship is moored.


* Warehouse:
A warehouse is similar to a Port, however, destined to receive Trucks (containing containers) instead of Ships.
It has its own id as a primary key, a column dedicated to store the name and PlaceLocationLatitude and PlaceLocationLongitude as foreign keys, referencing a PlaceLocation table row.


* Truck_Warehouse:
It is a table where its rows serve the purpose of identifying which warehouse was the last where.
Because of that, Warehouseid is its primary and foreign key.